The accordion dropdowns are built, but they are empty. Please populate them with the following text content. Ensure the text is styled with a light color (white or light gray) for readability against the dark background and has proper paragraph spacing.

1. For "View Willow 360 Managed Portfolios disclosures", add this text:
"Investments made on your behalf in a Willow 360 Managed Portfolio are highly speculative and entail substantial risks, including the fact that such investments are illiquid and subject to significant restrictions on transferability and redemption and that all or a substantial amount of the principal invested may be lost. No amount of diversification can eliminate such risks.

Willow Wealth Inc. is the direct owner of Willow Asset Management LLC, which is an SEC-registered investment adviser that manages the Willow Wealth funds and provides investment advice to “retail investors” through “Willow 360 Managed Portfolios.”

Willow Wealth Inc. has an engagement with Atomic Brokerage LLC (“Atomic Brokerage”), a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA and SIPC. Brokerage services for customers of Willow Wealth Inc. are provided by Atomic Brokerage. Custodial and clearing services are provided to Atomic Brokerage by Pershing LLC.

Neither Atomic Brokerage, or Willow Asset Management LLC nor any of their affiliates, is a bank. Investments in securities are Not FDIC insured, Not Bank Guaranteed, and May Lose Value. 

Willow Wealth Inc. is also the indirect owner of Willow Wealth Markets LLC, which is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA and SIPC. All trades with respect to underlying funds in the Managed Portfolios will be effected through Atomic Brokerage LLC."

2. For "View important footnotes...", add this numbered list:
"1 Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
3 'Target Returns' represents a projected annual target rate, not returns actually obtained. The term of the fund is at the manager’s discretion.
4 Reflects the annualized distribution rate. A portion of the distribution may be a return of capital.
5 Represents the sum of interest accrued plus interest paid.
6 The internal rate of return ('IRR') represents an average net realized IRR from July 1, 2015, through March 31, 2025.
7 Investors should consider objectives and risks of the Yieldstreet Alternative Income Fund.
8 Do not construe information as investment advice.
9 Statistics as of the most recent month end."

3. For the "Read full disclosure" link at the bottom:
Make it toggle the visibility of the large block of text starting with "No communication by Willow Wealth Inc..." Ensure it uses a small font size (12px) and is justified.