Products

Managed portfolios
Direct investments
Retirement accounts
Alternative Income Fund
Short Term Notes
Real Estate
Resources

Why private markets
How it works
Learn
Support
Company

About us
Careers
Capital partnerships
Contact us
App StorePlay Store

Empty heading






Empty heading








300 Park Avenue 15th Floor, New York, NY 10022

No communication by Willow Wealth Inc. or any of its affiliates (collectively, “Willow Wealth™”), through this website or any other medium, should be construed or is intended to be a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any security or otherwise to be investment, tax, financial, accounting, legal, regulatory or compliance advice, except for specific investment advice that may be provided by Willow Asset Management LLCpursuant to a written advisory agreement between such entity and the recipient. Nothing on this website is intended as an offer to extend credit, an offer to purchase or sell securities or a solicitation of any securities transaction.

Any financial projections or returns shown on the website are estimated predictions of performance only, are hypothetical, are not based on actual investment results and are not guarantees of future results. Estimated projections do not represent or guarantee the actual results of any transaction, and no representation is made that any transaction will, or is likely to, achieve results or profits similar to those shown. In addition, other financial metrics and calculations shown on the website (including amounts of principal and interest repaid) have not been independently verified or audited and may differ from the actual financial metrics and calculations for any investment, which are contained in the investors’ portfolios. Any investment information contained herein has been secured from sources that Willow Wealth believes are reliable, but we make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of such information and accept no liability therefore.

Private placement investments are NOT bank deposits (and thus NOT insured by the FDIC or by any other federal governmental agency), are NOT guaranteed by Willow Wealth or any other party, and MAY lose value. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority has recommended or approved any investment or the accuracy or completeness of any of the information or materials provided by or through the website. Investors must be able to afford the loss of their entire investment.

Investments in private placements are speculative and involve a high degree of risk and those investors who cannot afford to lose their entire investment should not invest. Additionally, investors may receive illiquid and/or restricted securities that may be subject to holding period requirements and/or liquidity concerns. Investments in private placements are highly illiquid and those investors who cannot hold an investment for the long term (at least 5-7 years) should not invest.

Alternative investments should only be part of your overall investment portfolio. Further, the alternative investment portion of your portfolio should include a balanced portfolio of different alternative investments.

Articles or information from third-party media outside of this domain may discussWillow Wealth or relate to information contained herein, but Willow Wealth does not approve and is not responsible for such content. Hyperlinks to third-party sites, or reproduction of third-party articles, do not constitute an approval or endorsement byWillow Wealth of the linked or reproduced content.

Investing in securities (the "Securities") listed on Willow Wealth™ pose risks, including but not limited to credit risk, interest rate risk, and the risk of losing some or all of the money you invest. Before investing you should: (1) conduct your own investigation and analysis; (2) carefully consider the investment and all related charges, expenses, uncertainties and risks, including all uncertainties and risks described in offering materials; and (3) consult with your own investment, tax, financial and legal advisors. Such Securities are only suitable for accredited investors who understand and are willing and able to accept the high risks associated with private investments.

Investing in private placements requires long-term commitments, the ability to afford to lose the entire investment, and low liquidity needs. This website provides preliminary and general information about the Securities and is intended for initial reference purposes only. It does not summarize or compile all the applicable information. This website does not constitute an offer to sell or buy any securities. No offer or sale of any Securities will occur without the delivery of confidential offering materials and related documents. This information contained herein is qualified by and subject to more detailed information in the applicable offering materials.

Willow Wealth Inc. is the direct owner of Willow Asset Management LLC, which is an SEC-registered investment adviser that manages the Willow Wealth funds and provides investment advice to the Willow Wealth funds, and in certain cases, to retail investors.Willow Wealth Markets LLC is an indirect subsidiary of Willow Wealth Inc..Willow Wealth Markets LLC is a broker-dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”). Information on all FINRA registered broker-dealers can be found on FINRA’s BrokerCheck. Despite its affiliation with Willow Asset Management LLC, Willow Wealth Markets LLC has no role in the investment advisory services received by Willow Wealth clients.

Willow Wealth is not a bank. Certain services are offered through Plaid, Eisen and Footprint and none of such entities is affiliated with Willow Wealth. By using the services offered by any of these entities you acknowledge and accept their respective disclosures and agreements, as applicable.

Investment advisory services are only provided to clients of Willow Asset Management LLC, an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to a written advisory agreement.

Our site uses a third party service to match browser cookies to your mailing address. We then use another company to send special offers through the mail on our behalf. Our company never receives or stores any of this information and our third parties do not provide or sell this information to any other company or service.

Read full disclosure
Copyright © 2026 Willow Wealth Inc.
Privacy PolicyData SecurityVulnerability Disclosure PolicyAccessibilityTerms of UseForm ADV Disclosure BrochureForm CRSBusiness Continuity StatementGLBA NoticeWebsite Data Collection Preferences